Update migration config section (#1993)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/setup/deployment/migrating-from-ei-6.x.x.md

Copy the JKS files in the `<EI_6.x.x_HOME>/repository/resources/security` directory to the `<MI_HOME>/repository/resources/security` directory. 

### Migrating configurations

> Configration management was handled in WSO2 EI 6.x versions via multiple files such as `carbon.xml`, `synapse.properties`, `axis2.xml` and etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration management was handled in WSO2 EI 6.x versions via multiple files such as `carbon.xml`, `synapse.properties`, `axis2.xml`, etc.
```

> Micro Inegator of EI 7.1 provides a new configuration model where all of the product configurations are primarily managed by a single configuration file named `deployment.toml` (resides in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Micro Integrator of EI 7.1 provides a new configuration model where all of the product configurations are primarily managed by a single configuration file named `deployment.toml` (resides in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory). 
```

> The logging configuration are managed with log4j2 whereas it was done with log4j in EI 6.x series (Prior to EI 6.6.0).

Author: ```suggestion
The logging configurations are managed with log4j2 whereas it was done with log4j in EI 6.x series (Prior to EI 6.6.0).
```

> The logging configurations are managed with log4j2 whereas it was done with log4j in EI 6.x series (Prior to EI 6.6.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In EI 7.1, the logging configurations are managed with log4j2, whereas it was done with log4j in EI 6.x series (prior to EI 6.6.0).
```

> Following subsections will guide you thorugh on how to migrate the Prodcut Configuraitons including log4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections of this document will guide you on how to migrate the Product Configurations including log4j.
```
